chore!: update typescript to version `5.0.4` (#5145)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: README.md

This minimum support level is subject to change as the project evolves and as the underlying language features evolve.

## TypeScript Support

OpenTelemetry JavaScript is built with TypeScript `v5.0.4`. If you have a TypeScript project (app, library, instrumentation, etc.)
that depends on it we recomed using same or higher version to compile the project.

> As update policy OpenTelemetry JavaScript will follow DefinitelyType's [support policy for TypeScript](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped#support-window)
> which sets a support window of 2 years.

Reviewer: Let's be explicit about what's happening 🙂 

```suggestion
OpenTelemetry JavaScript will follows DefinitelyType's [support policy for TypeScript](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped#support-window) which sets a support window of 2 years. Support for TypeScript versions older than 2 years will be dropped in minor releases of OpenTelemetry JavaScript.
```
